✨ Neutral Atom QDMI Device (#996)
munich-quantum-toolkit/core: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - ✨ Add MQT's implementation of a QDMI Device for neutral atom-based quantum computing ([#996]) ([**@li-mingbao**])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✨ Add MQT's implementation of a QDMI Device for neutral atom-based quantum computing ([#996]) ([**@ystade**])
```
Pretty sure this is what you wanted to write here ;o)
